docs/index.md, before:

# Overview

PostalPoint® supports JavaScript plugin extensions. Plugins can hook into PostalPoint to add features and integrations.

## What plugins can do

* Process card payments and handle saved payment methods
* Process cryptocurrency payments
* Add additional carriers, providing shipping rates and labels
* Print to label and receipt printers, letting PostalPoint handle hardware support and drivers
* Extend support for prepaid label acceptance, prepaid barcode recognition, and carrier dropoff QR codes
* Install pages in the Tools menu, creating new interfaces and features
* Receive transaction receipts for ingestion into third-party accounting or business software
* Display interactive HTML5 content on the customer-facing screen
* Run both Node.JS and browser code.

## Plugin Package Structure

A plugin is distributed as a simple ZIP file, containing a folder. The folder then has at least one file, named `plugin.js`.
The `exports.init` function in `plugin.js` is executed when PostalPoint launches, allowing the plugin
to request involvement with various events in PostalPoint.

PostalPoint installs plugin packages by unzipping their contents into a plugins folder.
Plugins are uninstalled by deleting their folder.

## PostalPoint Plugin API

The PostalPoint plugin API is a globally-available object named `global.apis`.
It contains many useful functions for integrating with PostalPoint.
All the APIs listed under the Plugin API section must be prefixed with `global.apis.` in order to work.

## Minimal Plugin Code

```javascript title="plugin-name/plugin.js"
exports.init = function () {
    global.apis.alert("This message appears when PostalPoint launches.", "Hello!");
};
```

Yes, the smallest plugin really is just two lines of code, and accessing PostalPoint features
really is that easy.

## Plugin Metadata File

While not strictly required, a `package.json` is encouraged, and allows specifying the plugin's
display name, PostalPoint version compatibility, and other metadata.

Sample:

```json
{
    "name": "plugin-id-here",
    "main": "plugin.js",
    "description": "Human-readable description of the plugin",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "author": "Your Name",
    "license": "Code license name",
    "postalpoint": {
        "pluginname": "Display Name for Plugin",
        "minVersion": "000034",
        "maxVersion": "001000"
    }
}

```

PostalPoint version codes are MMMnnn where MMM is the major version and nnn is the minor version, zero-padded.
So version 0.35 is "000035", and 1.23 is "001023".

Commit message:

Add info about devtools and testing builds

docs/index.md, after:

# Overview

PostalPoint® supports JavaScript plugin extensions. Plugins can hook into PostalPoint to add features and integrations.

## What plugins can do

* Process card payments and handle saved payment methods
* Process cryptocurrency payments
* Add additional carriers, providing shipping rates and labels
* Print to label and receipt printers, letting PostalPoint handle hardware support and drivers
* Extend support for prepaid label acceptance, prepaid barcode recognition, and carrier dropoff QR codes
* Install pages in the Tools menu, creating new interfaces and features
* Receive transaction receipts for ingestion into third-party accounting or business software
* Display interactive HTML5 content on the customer-facing screen
* Run both Node.JS and browser code.

## PostalPoint DevTools and Testing Builds

The [PostalPoint build server](https://build.netsyms.net/job/PostalPoint_Retail/)
creates installers from the latest prerelease changes. It is not recommended to use these
builds for production purposes, but they contain the latest changes to plugin APIs.

For Windows developers, you'll want to download a "postalpoint-retail-sdk_x.xx.exe" installer,
as it contains the Chromium DevTools.

To enable DevTools on Linux, simply run `sudo apt install nw.js-sdk` and restart PostalPoint.

To access the DevTools, press F12 or right-click anywhere inside PostalPoint and click Inspect.
Depending on various factors, some plugin console output may go to the "background page"; 
right-click and click "Inspect background page" to view that console.

## Plugin Package Structure

A plugin is distributed as a simple ZIP file, containing a folder. The folder then has at least one file, named `plugin.js`.
The `exports.init` function in `plugin.js` is executed when PostalPoint launches, allowing the plugin
to request involvement with various events in PostalPoint.

PostalPoint installs plugin packages by unzipping their contents into a plugins folder.
Plugins are uninstalled by deleting their folder.

## PostalPoint Plugin API

The PostalPoint plugin API is a globally-available object named `global.apis`.
It contains many useful functions for integrating with PostalPoint.
All the APIs listed under the Plugin API section must be prefixed with `global.apis.` in order to work.

## Minimal Plugin Code

```javascript title="plugin-name/plugin.js"
exports.init = function () {
    global.apis.alert("This message appears when PostalPoint launches.", "Hello!");
};
```

Yes, the smallest plugin really is just two lines of code, and accessing PostalPoint features
really is that easy.

## Plugin Metadata File

While not strictly required, a `package.json` is encouraged, and allows specifying the plugin's
display name, PostalPoint version compatibility, and other metadata.

Sample:

```json
{
    "name": "plugin-id-here",
    "main": "plugin.js",
    "description": "Human-readable description of the plugin",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "author": "Your Name",
    "license": "Code license name",
    "postalpoint": {
        "pluginname": "Display Name for Plugin",
        "minVersion": "000034",
        "maxVersion": "001000"
    }
}

```

PostalPoint version codes are MMMnnn where MMM is the major version and nnn is the minor version, zero-padded.
So version 0.35 is "000035", and 1.23 is "001023".
